This is hack job, both fiterally and liguratively. This evil cheat program exists as protest against the longstanding bug that makes SteamVR levels load slower in proportion to the size of one's friends list. For me, ever since Destinations, maps take like 45 seconds to load, and might hitch for another 45. I have to block my whole list if I wanna go on exploring the workshop or iterate rapidly on my own levels. You did this Volvo.

You can find the items (out in the field) that correspond to the main (non-item granting) quests, and solve those pesky quests right 'chere! I needed to do this for a few quests myself, and I had an itch to use the SteamVR tutorial dome with some kinda white stuff of my own in the center. One could emulate the Super Hot aesethic with ease, and my little room in the middle looks kinda cool I quess. This finally scratches the itch to use the SteamVR dome in someway. I also used the ambient loop from the Unity tutorial. You know I tried to convert the models and stuff too (and tried before with other The Lab environments) but I don't know what I'm doing outside of Hammer. I would love to see the Valve Demo Rooms (and everything else) from The Lab ported over to SteamVR home.

I really do like trying to cheat for achievements, so I'm not ashamed of this. Long before I sustained the englightenment concerning the existance of SAM, I would write SourceMod plugins for the Left 4 Dead games (and others) to try and bust out achievements really quickly. Did I throw away those little code snippets? Waste of some shiny trinkets. Anywhoe, see my TF2 video for a achievement server turned bot puppet show I made with SourceMod that will almost certainly make you dizzy. I have the code for that somewhere. achievement_alpine, that was my jam, that's my favourite tf2 map, I'd shake the hand of that person.

Anyway, I intend to take this mapping more seriously from herein out, and hope to just make recreations of the fancy office scenes in Better Call Saul until Half-Life: Alyx activates on my SteamBox. Something about the aesethic in this show is starting to speak to my VR senses. See an included pictorial.

Finally, you might also notice some commotion up in the rafters, see if you can teleport up there. Chances are you wont be able to see into the third overlook room. There could be sexy animes in there, or it could just be a bunch of watermelons.