Here are all the materials and models from Half-Life 2: Episode 2 converted into the Source 2 format for use in your VR environments! Please see https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2094270469 for more information on these asset packs. Most importantly, you'll likely want to include the Half-Life 2 pack to satisfy some material dependencies.

Like the HL2 pack, certain tool/developer assets were not included, either because they were a duplicate, or seemed otherwise dubious to include. They include the following:

-- materials/dev/dev_energyflow

Show my work (rambling) time. This is all just notes for me really. Don't read it.

UPDATE: Ok, putting the hl2 source content into content/steamtours was a bad idea. It was the source of the endless recompilation of circular dependencies and made it so compiled materials did not save (I think). I wasn't able to see how screwed up it was until I published. I apparently forgot exactly how to stage the files with a gameinfo.gi entry since the time I made the css/dod packs, and I didn't keep enough records, so I ended up using a single 'Game' entry in the SearchPath. This satisfied some material content dependencies, but might not have been sufficient to deal with the duplicated assets between hl2 and ep2, which were causing problems, or maybe were the whole issue?. I had alot of trouble obtaining a proper 'write path', and that might have been because I needed a copy of the hl2 compiled files? No wait that doesn't make sense. My working theory about why I had to bang my head against the wall for a few days isn't very well developed.

To solve this and properly finish these asset packs, I had to cull duplicated hl2 content from the expansion packs, which is almost certainly the right thing to do anyway. I wanted to include it for completeness, or maybe they were new revisions of assets, but at the end of the day, it was almost assuredly just lazy duplication of files 20 years ago during the time when valve made games. I also culled content from ep2 that was in ep1. The end result is of the same robustness as all my other packs, I trust. Anywho...

I (re)learned alot making the two episode asset packs. Constructed in the same way as dod/strike, episodic and hl2 reference a set of half life 2 (source 2) content files (many other games often just sprinkle hl2 assets in and around their games assets). This approximates the file structure of original games/mods that used the Steam Pipe hl2 vpk files (preserving space) and is needed to support things like blend materials requiring original hl2 tga content files. With dod/cstrike I had set a separate entry in gameinfo.gi so it could find the hl2 source content files, but I forgot how to do that this time around, and found I could just put/link the materials and models directories into content/steamtours. This satisfies the asset browser/compiler, and I learned about this while at the same time learning you can do the same thing in game/steamtours, which (along with Source1Import.createStaticOverlays=1 in gameinfo.gi) allows hammer to fix the texture scale when importing Source 1 VMF map files! Previously one had to use a python script for this, and that still may be preferable (or at least easier). Also, one has to open the vmf from content/steamtours/maps and have the gameinfo.txt of the original gameinfo.txt in game/steamtours, so this is all cumbersome for sure. I still don't have the patience to port a Source 1 map, but actually got sdk_dod_flash to look pretty decent in just ten minutes from vmf conversion, but it would still take along time to do.

I barely touched the materials in episode 1, but had to fix a fair number of them by hand here in Episode 2. The lush foliage of white forest had some issues and is the real meat of this pack so I had to fix it. Original passes at these asset pack had me running big find/seds in bash to remove references to missing alpha channels and reflectance masks, but I ended up fixing everything by hand. Various spelling and errors and different file locations were fixed as per usual, but I ended up having to make my own alpha channels (maps?) by hand for around a dozen materials. Using The Gimp I would do a linear invert (everything becomes white, ctrl c, fill image with black, paste the white leave or whatever over it, and save to whatever_alpha.tga, and that seems to work. Close enough.

These packs were hard to build because the asset browser was continuously recompiling stuff (something related to human character models) over and over again in a circular fashion for most of the time in the background making everything run at like 2 frames. I imagine this was because of the bare content file function links in shoehorned into content/steamtours, but I don't really know. There was also issues when including the hl2 asset pack I've uploaded to the workshop, but that was necessary for anything, but was tripping me up early on. I had to swap back and forth between a 'tester' addon the mod I was working on while fixing things. 

Most importantly for you, I _finally_ learned that ones game addon will select the first asset it finds based on the order of dependencies in addoninfo.txt. So if you include alot of these asset packs you can influence which version of a material or model you want to be selected. If I knew this at the start I might have just made each asset pack monolithic, space/downloads be damned, but oh well.

Overall, I'm generally a bit hazing on the erm, cohesiveness of my technique globally (for making all the different packs), but the end result wouldn't be much better no matter how ocd I got. In any event, I can't reupload the other ones anyway, it doesn't show up in my asset browser, and getting the hl2 assets to compile is a nightmare, I don't know how I did that one originally. Furthermore  I found a new script (source1import on github) that can convert the soundscapes and particles, and the material script seems much better, but of course, it only supports Half Life Alyx's vr_complex shader. My current wip steamvr environment (which will take a very long time to make) will likely be my last submission before I quit steamvrtours and finally go whole hog on Roblox.

Observe the following material changes here: https://paste.ee/p/kWIu0 and see this link for a list of culled (by name) files already present in the Half-Life 2 and Episode 1 packs: https://paste.ee/p/yacU3

ADDON: asset_pack_ep2
TOTAL: 1060 vmat_c files, 809 vmdl_c files