Another mediocre prop filled instance of byteframe playing the Sims in a level editor! I originally wanted to make a really geometrically detailed small condo environment, then I almost specced out a whole apartment complex, and ended up wanting to design a kind of 'Campus Administration Building', which this level somewhat resembles, but it has more of a domicile/frat house vibe. I certainly had alot of fun with the bridge tool, and this map was very easy to make, but it's not very good. The props are partially there to fill lots of empty space I should have adjusted instead, but scale isn't TOO bad in this, but it's still big. I'm afraid this one runs poorly, which is obvious, because its mostly open air with tons of props and no occlusion.

Again, I bit off more than I could chew, then lost interest in the second half and just finish it up without much optimization, which I apologize for. That being said, my computer sucks, (4690k+1070) so this should be less of an issue than I'm making it out to be. The lighting is bad, because I used as many lights as I could. If I add one more, everything flickers, which is something I think I remember reading about. I got along nice with the geometry though, it was easy and fun to make, and having alot of separate brushes and that is good. I have alot of the tools and skills to make interesting stuff, but not really the artisity/talent/followthrough to make it fabulous. I think I can if I spec out a smaller level at the start, which I can never seem to do.

The new thing I learned here was the use of the 'grid snap' operation, (Ctrl-B). I live in fear of my map, or large portions of it, somehow moving/angling slightly off grid. It's so scary, and I don't know how/why it happens. Something to do with the ALT key, and that. It freaks me out and I make daily backups because of this now, but I did learn about the vertex snapping tool which is used to correct this. It happened on this map, but I only lost about half and hour of work. Thanks to Mr. Rectus for tips on perf/lighting/etc. I will be counting triangles from now on.

Anywho, there isn't anything new technically in this level, except for the door! It opens and everything, and I 'parented' the knob to the door, and that works. I mean, it's all done by the rotating door entity, and was simple, but it worked the first try! I wasn't able to actually resize the door model though, so I had to make reset the size of the door frame.