Welcome to another prop filled mess of a environment! Outdoors, this time. The wiseman out in the field will tell you fortunes, and you can search for the fallout figures again.

I know this still isn't very good work, and looks and runs trashy, but it was easy and fun to make. After some other fits and starts including a huge hill version of this map I decided I wanted to make some kind of outdoor trench garden level, but it ended up being more like the hill environment. I also wanted to make more of am 'amber waives of grain' scene, but it's slim pickens for assets, and my choice for grass sucks atm, so it all devolved into another soup of props. Still good practise though and fun to make. Painless overall.

My scale is still bad. I need to do more testing in the HMD up front. I spend all this time basically playing the Sims in a level editor and it looks great on the screen, and I have this huge mental map of the whole area and that in itself makes it fun and worth it (and it's immersive and is that spatial fun I like) and I'm still feeling creative, but the end result, a VR environment, is sub par. The player will feel somewhat big in this level, hard to say. I really need to maintain disciline on prop sizing etc. Overall its fine, but none of this is really good VR per se.

The scripting elements of this destination almost didn't happen. First I couldn't get the panarama panel to display. I thought it was something about entity logic, AddCSSClass, hell I don't know. I was working from my run through of the welcome panel tutorial from level 2. Once I changed the panel type to always visible, I was able to proceed. Nothing much was happening in the panel though. Stub text. After actually realizing there were javascript errors in Vconsole, I rallied again. Then the buttons didn't render. Then I found some button style classes. Then I couldn't get them arranged in the layout. Not _too_ much bashing my head against the wall this time, but I need to practise my css skills and such, and the wiki for this stuff isn't the fullest. I can latch on to most of it though. I got the game event thing for the fallout reset button on the first try though.

The black super hot figures you see in the level were going to pop in and out of your vision in the map for a bit of a slenderman vibe, but it seemed a bit out of my grasp atm, the map is too small for it, and it was really cold and I wanted to finish.

I learned that as soon as you play a TP marker/mesh you can't teleport anywhere but these spots, which solves a mystery about that for me. I sucks I can't let you tp anywhere as well as to specific locations, at least for now.