Stay a while, and glisten! Free food and lodging for troubled vr youths! This one just flew off the tips of my fingers, I barely used the undo function at all and kinda Bob Rossed the hell out of this.

I got all story-telling with the props and stuff its really funny, go on and chortle. This level looks pretty cool I guess, I need to make my lights brighter though I think. I also almost lost the whole map contents because I deleted and not hide an inverse selection. Be careful with autosave. Overall, I was careless in construction and could have been prouder of my workflow, and was dismayed at the off grid problem, but the result is quite pleasing to me, this one came out pretty well, I think.

This is cooler than #5 and was made in a similar style. Started at the living plant wall and made my wall template, but It got screwed up a lil bit. Was just winging it, and wasnt sure I was making a restaurant at first. I have the wherewithall to be careless and fix it later, and this map was map with ease and confidence but also carelessness for the first quarter, so that when I wanted to fire it off, I had more work to do. to clean it up. I need to maintain more discipline on maintaing the template geometry.

I was satisfied with the upkeep until I noticed that alot of geometry fell off grid or did that strange ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I cant understand (see included screenshot), and which point I demur and tend to eye the finish line; tried to be more intelligent with subdivision for lighting, with various new strategies and alot of manual application, it seems to benefit from polish. Overall it looks pretty good, and I juiced the ambient oclusion for effect. Still dont really know what I'm doing with the cubemaps, but I throw a bunch of em in there (maybe too much) and try to avoid heinous contrast lines. The time of day (apparently) appears to be like just before sundown, or maybe early morning, hard to tell. Desert style is nice, and easier to dispense than the forest.

Some spots are out of scale, particularily the booths. Bathrooms are a bit too spacious too. The ceiling fans will hit your head if you're a tall person. Scale overall seems satisfactory me, seeing as I barely tested this, as per usual. Ceiling height is 112 inches.